Add support for tertiary variant to the editable form controls (#6099)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/multiline-input/examples.mdx

  $ref: ./#/data
---

## Basic

`MultilineInput` is a text input field that allows the user to enter multiple lines of text. Values entered into the multiline input wrap based on the width of the component. By default, the component presents three rows of text at a time.

If entering more than three rows of text, the height of the input will grow with the content unless resized by the user, that can then review the entered value using keyboard controls.

<LivePreview componentName="multiline-input" exampleName="Basic" />

## Variants

`MultilineInput` has three variants:

- Primary
- Secondary
- Tertiary

> This changes the background color of the field and can be used to create a visual hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each variant adjusts the background color of the field, providing options to support the creation of a visual hierarchy. By selecting the appropriate variant, you can tailor the appearance of Inputs to suit different contexts and design needs.
```
